chore: removed some doc files and put them in the community repo (#157)
asyncapi/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Contribution recogniton

> We use [All Contributors](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/specification) specification to handle recognitions. For more details read [this](recognize-contributors.md) document.

Reviewer: I think `[this](recognize-contributors.md)` needs update too

## Pull Requests

> **Please, make sure you open an issue before starting with a Pull Request, unless it's a typo or a really obvious error.** Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the specification. Get familiar with our document that explains [Git workflow](git-workflow.md) used in our repositories.

Reviewer: I think `[Git workflow](git-workflow.md)` needs update too

Happy contributing :heart:

## Community

> AsyncAPI Community welcomes you! You can Star⭐ our [Community](https://github.com/asyncapi/community) repository to get the latest updates about Community Meetings, Youtube Sessions, Mailing lists, Slack channel and much more! Make sure to familiarize yourself with our [GitHub workflow](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/git-workflow.md) and don't forget to follow [Slack Etiquette's](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/slack-etiquette.md) while interacting with the members!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Welcome to the AsyncAPI Community! You can Star ⭐ our [Community repository](https://github.com/asyncapi/community) to get the latest updates about Community Meetings, Youtube Sessions, Mailing lists, Slack channels, and much more! Make sure to familiarize yourself with our [GitHub workflow](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/git-workflow.md), and don't forget to follow our [Slack Etiquette](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/slack-etiquette.md) while interacting with community members!
```

> Welcome to the AsyncAPI Community! You can Star ⭐ our [Community repository](https://github.com/asyncapi/community) to get the latest updates about Community Meetings, Youtube Sessions, Mailing lists, Slack channels and much more! Make sure to familiarize yourself with our [GitHub workflow](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/git-workflow.md), and don't forget to follow our [Slack Etiquette](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/slack-etiquette.md) while interacting with community members!

Reviewer: what do your mean that you can star a repo and as a result get latest updates about different AsyncAPI things?

Also, git-workflow is already mentioned in another section.

Regarding slack etiquette, if we really want to link it in this document, it should go to `Issues` section where we mention Slack.

And in general, what is the point of this section in the contribution guide as current information is not much helpful. If we think this section is needed, I think we should just link to community repo and this issue https://github.com/asyncapi/community/issues/1

We have a lot of info here already https://github.com/asyncapi/ 🤔

Author: Ohh! got it! I looked at the said sections and most of the info is already mentioned there! so I guess instead of creating diff section for community I'll just move slack etiquette to the issues section and update the git-workflow link which is already there and point it to community👍
